the Academy Awards were handed out just
across the street from us at the Dolby
theater last night Janelle Monae opened
the show with a version of the Mister
Rogers song it's a beautiful day in the
neighborhood which was a nice idea
clever idea but as those of you who
lined up on Hollywood Boulevard know
there has never been a beautiful
anything in this neighborhood this
neighbor this is where homeless
spider-men gathered to steal wallets
from Canadians that's what we do here a
lot of the focus going into the show
last night was on the lack of diversity
all the acting nominees but one more
Caucasian and and what do you do when
you have a diversity problem well you
hit them with the world's most famous
white rapper Eminem that's where you're
going I actually learned a lot last
night for instance that song from frozen
two equally annoying in every language
there are plenty of controversial
moments I think Trump gained another 15%
of the vote after those acceptance
speeches last night bottom line don't
expect to see the Joker doing a Got Milk
commercial anytime soon the big winner
last night was parasite the movie won
four Oscars including Best Picture
parasite if you haven't seen he should
very good is a South Korean film that
tells the story of a family who cons
their way into a house they have no
business living in and things go very
wrong from there the American version of
it is called the Trump's it's
sorry
he's now tanning with just a bucket bong
joon-ho won Best Screenplay and Best
Director is the first time a non-english
language film won Best Picture and the
first time a guy named bong won anything
other than a hacky sack contest but this
guy he was the highlight of the night he
is the translator for most of his
remarks but he also made the most of the
English he does know backstage
it was the same process making this film
but we've had these amazing results it
still feels very surreal I feel like
something will hit me and I will wake up
from this dream absolutely crazy move
over large glass contraption on Seth
Rogen's nightstand Hollywood has a new
favorite bomb the show last night was
the lowest rated Oscars ever by a lot
they Dan a parasite and no host which
makes no sense but while the ratings
were down here in the United States this
is a show that seen all over the globe
in many of the 225 countries that air
the Oscars sent correspondents this is
red carpet coverage from Sweden and keep
an eye on who shows up at the end of
this clip how come
boy
[Music]
what was more embarrassing the Swedish
guy mistaking Penelope Cruz from Salma
Hayek or Al Pacino was taking Guillermo
for a real reporter on the red you got a
lot of great stars huh
it was a good one go yeah we're gonna
show you that in a minute all the big
stars are a part of this moments from
now Attorney General William Barr has
confirmed that the Justice Department is
conducting a review of whatever nonsense
Rudy Giuliani dug up or digs up on the
Biden's in Ukraine and that is that
brings up an interesting question which
is how many times can we impeach the
same president
I don't maybe a little before I don't
know but Trump is shaking those tiny
fists at his enemies he's he's acting to
punish those who testified against him
over the weekend he fired Gordon Sunland
the ambassador to the EU and he also
removed Lieutenant Colonel Alexander VIN
Minh from the National Security Council
he had him escorted from the building
where he works
I guess citizen Collins was right he
definitely learned his lesson after the
trial but both men who were fired
testified under subpoena which means
Trump is now firing people for obeying
the law lieutenant VIN Minh is a highly
decorated officer he's a recipient of
the Purple Heart and the president
weighed in on him on Twitter he wrote
fake news CNN and MSDN see keep talking
about lieutenant colonel vin Minh as
though I should think only how wonderful
he was actually I don't know him never
spoke to him or met him I don't believe
but he was very insubordinate reported
contents of my perfect calls incorrectly
and was given a horrendous report by his
superior the man who reported to who
publicly stated that VIN Minh had
problems with judgment adhering to the
chain of command and leaking information
in other words out
he's firing the people who testified
against him and no one seems well I
guess some people have a problem with it
but not enough people one Trump advisor
said the president is flushing out the
pipes which is also what he calls
ordering a black coffee and a fillet of
fish but not only did he fire one VIN
Minh he also fired women's twin brother
who didn't he didn't even testify
I guess Trump told the staff look get
rid of anyone that looks like that guy
and Trump is now also targeting Nancy
Pelosi for tearing up his State of the
Union speech then lock her up right now
how we do it and you think all that is
bad when you see the budget Trump
unveiled today this budget makes major
cuts to Medicare Medicaid Social
Security food stamps environmental
protection and children's health
insurance and it would cut funding for
the Center for Disease Control the CDC
which seems like a great idea with the
coronavirus brewing this is definitely
the time to make cuts to the CDC but be
not concerned because today Trump
announced that he has a handle on the
corona virus - now the virus that we're
talking about having - do you know a lot
of people think that goes away in April
with the heat as the heat comes in
typically that will go away at April
again as I mentioned by April or during
the month of April the heat generally
speaking kills this kind of virus so it
could be a good thing but we're in great
shape in our country yes yes don't worry
global warming is here to stop the
corona virus it's not the heat it's the
soup iddah t really if you liked that
video then put a ring on it click the
subscribe button below Oh